Importing Libraries:

import pandas as pd: Imports the Pandas library and assigns an alias pd for easy reference.
import numpy as np: Imports the NumPy library and assigns an alias np.
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt: Imports the Matplotlib library's pyplot module and assigns an alias plt.
import seaborn as sns: Imports the Seaborn library and assigns an alias sns.
Loading Data:

d=pd.read_csv("/content/sample_data/california_houses.zip"): Loads a CSV file named "california_houses.zip" into a Pandas DataFrame named d.
d.dropna(inplace=True): Drops rows with missing values from the DataFrame d.
Train-Test Split:

train_test_split(): Splits the data into training and testing sets.
Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA):

hist(): Plots histograms of the features in the training data.
corr(): Computes the correlation matrix between numerical features.
sns.heatmap(): Visualizes the correlation matrix using a heatmap.
value_counts(): Returns counts of unique values in a column.
Feature Engineering:

np.log(): Applies the natural logarithm to the specified feature columns.
pd.get_dummies(): Converts categorical variable into dummy/indicator variables.
Creating new features:
bedroom_ratio: Ratio of total bedrooms to total rooms.
household_rooms: Average number of rooms per household.
Model Training:

LinearRegression(): Instantiates a linear regression model.
StandardScaler(): Standardizes features by removing the mean and scaling to unit variance.
fit_transform(): Fits the scaler to the data and transforms it.
fit(): Fits the linear regression model to the training data.
score(): Computes the coefficient of determination (R^2) of the model.
Testing:

Preprocessing test data similarly to training data.
Evaluating model performance on test data.
These are the main methods used in the code, each serving a specific purpose in data loading, preprocessing, analysis, feature engineering, model training, and evaluation. Understanding these methods helps in comprehending the workflow of the machine learning project.




